In this lecture we will be learning about to face comet unlike a transaction on a local database a distributed
transaction involves altering data on multiple databases which is a situation that often arises when
using the database service but then as it is processing of distribute transactions is more complicated
because the database must coordinate the call meeting or rolling Beckles changes in a transaction as
a self-contained unit.
In other words the entire transaction commits or the entire transaction Groesbeck the two faced Combest
mechanism can be used to ensure the integrity of data in a distributed transaction.
So let's say we have the following scenario.
In any e-commerce system when placing an order.
So first the payment service takes the customer's payment then the order service creates the order in
the database and finally the product service reserves.
Products from stock to the customer.
What would happen if the payment service takes the payment.
But in order face to be created or an order is created but products were not reserved from stock perhaps
as they were just sold out.
In this case the data in our system would not be entirely consistent and correct as the steps to fully
create an order would all have been partially completed leading to this inconsistent state in such scenarios.
We can make use of the two faced Committee better to help maintain data integrity to do this.
We will require a separate service that act as the coordinator for the two faced commit as the name
implies.
There are two phases and two faced commit betting in the first phase which is the committee to request.
The coordinator sends a query to commit message to each service involved in distributing transaction
the services execute the transaction but not commit and data play with a yes or no depending on whether
they were successful.
In the second phase which is the court met face if all services have applied yes then to coordinate
their sons commit message to each of the services and these will then commit the transaction and reply
with an acknowledgement.
However if at least one service has replied with no.
The coordinator sends a real message and the services roll back the transaction.
It is also possible that all the services that reply with a yes in the committee request face and then
one service place with the negative acknowledgement in the goalmouth face based.
In this case the coordinator must send another message to all services to revert to previous transactions
actions as you can see the two face it is very useful in helping to guarantee the integrity of data
in our system.
Its main disadvantage however apart from the additional development complexity is that it is a blocking
protocol meaning that the services will wait indefinitely for the coordinator to instruct on how they
should proceed.
This means that if the coordinator goes down the service is called tangan differently.